Palestinians in the southern city of
Rafa Scramble for pieces of frozen
chicken to feed their
families the shipments entered a few
days ago but in so little quantity
people wait for long hours to obtain
just one chicken as you can see huge
numbers of people are queuing many
return home empty-handed most of these
people have never tasted chicken since
the beginning of the
war the situation is even worse in the
center and north where thousands have
started to return to the destroyed
neighborhoods here in der Al Bella in
central Gaza shops are empty except for
a few canned food items that cost a
fortune for cash strapped
Palestinians pric is are high Beyond
imagination one can't provide food for
one's children as if the massacres
against our people end enough this has
put additional burdens on our people
this open air Kitchen in jabalia Refuge
camp in Northern Gaza is one of many
that are being set up in the area
they're operated by local charities and
individual
volunteers we have been working here
since the beginning of the war we were
providing mainly bread but when flour
became scarce we prepared meals based on
meat and rice but these items are also
no longer available and there's up to
90,000 people living in displacement
centers in this area we are heading into
a crisis we appeal to relief agencies
and donor countries to send flour and
rice insufficient
quantities local charities say the
amount of food available is less than
10% of what's needed to feed the
desperate population there's a growing
feeling here that Palestinians should
try to rely on themselves and not wait
for foreign aid that's why despite the
destruction of most of the agricultural
land by Israeli bulldozers some
Palestinian farmers are trying to
salvage and utilize the remainder of
their crops earn its far short of the
needed quantities and too expensive for
those in need Barbara Ang Goa Al
jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer